fix: Auto-route tool call results to messages_history (#1967)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: .changeset/yummy-ducks-run.md

Reviewer: [req] Make sure this is up to date.

Reviewer 2: Updated

---
'@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration': patch
---

> [Fix] Route `role: "tool"` messages from `messages` to `messages_history` automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fix] Route messages preceding tool messages from the `promptTemplating` section `messages` property to `messages_history` automatically if  no templating placeholder values are provided.
```

> [Fix] Automatically route `role: 'tool'` messages (and all preceding messages) from `messages` to `messages_history` to bypass prompt templating, unless placeholder values are provided.

Reviewer: Also update changeset as implementation changes.

> [Fix] Route messages preceding tool messages from the `promptTemplating` section `messages` property to `messages_history` automatically if  no templating placeholder values are provided.

Reviewer: [req] Update to accurately reflect when this will trigger.

Reviewer 2: Updated to reflect the placeholder values condition.
